There isn't much to say yet, but I'm working on a wiki using PHPixie. It's planned to be a 
little different than most wikis as I'm trying to add a layer of structure to it. The plan
is to create a page template system and an attribute system to the wiki idea.

Templates will be setup to include sections and attributes. Each page using the template will
have the same sections and attributes available. The thought is that, say a person template, will
have a section for Youth, Education, and retirement. Then each person page can fill in the sections
as needed. All sections are editable but only used sections are shown when viewing the page. The
other unique item are attributes. So for the same person template there could be a Brith Date, Death Date
First Name, Last Name, etc. attribute. When editing a page the editor can fill in all the information
that makes sense for the specific page. The idea is that in the markup for sections the editor can
put something like {{Birth Date}} and it will be replaced with the value for that attribute.

Also, I'm thinking of creating a StackExchange like system of points/privileges so that users get more and
more privileges as they use the wiki more.

So, nothing really works yet, its all just a plan. I have a functional install wizard and I'm working
on the template editor.

---

Well I've put a bit of work into the wiki and I have a lot of things working including the template editor, article
viewer and editor, talk pages for both templates and articles and a functional sandbox. I've just started working
on article references and once thats done and I create a few sane default templates I'll post the wiki up for
people to take a look at.